v1 of the security copilot page (#566)
crowdsecurity/crowdsec-docs: crowdsec-docs/unversioned/cti_api/integration_securitycopilot.md

---
id: integration_securitycopilot
title: Security Copilot Plugin
---

CrowdSec Intelligence Plugin for Microsoft Security Copilot allows you to get advanced insights on a malicious IP activity.  
As part of the core plugins of Security copilot its setup and usage are very straight forward.

This documentation will lead you through an easy setup and lead you through some example usage and prompts.

## Configure the plugin

> ### Prerequisite: retrieve your API Key

Reviewer: We could just link to the getting started page of the CTI? or if you want to keep them here we can keep this

The plugin is using our CTI API to provide information on over 70M attackers recently reported by CrowdSec's network.  
You can create a trial key or retrieve your existing keys in the [console](https://app.crowdsec.net/) in the "Settings" > "CTI API Keys" section.  

> If you need more details check out the [CTI API Key - getting started section](/cti_api/getting_started)

Reviewer: Can you make a ref to the file itself `(/cti_api/getting_started.mdx)` as the compiler will auto link the actual route

Reviewer: As using it without leads to a 404 https://pr-566.d1to60jd2gb6y6.amplifyapp.com/cti_api/getting_started

Author: ```suggestion
If you need more details check out the [CTI API Key - getting started section](/cti_api/getting_started.mdx)
```

### Activate and setup the plugin

> This consist of 3 easy step: browse plugins, select "CrowdSec Threat Intelligence" plugin, paste API Key in setting

Author: ```suggestion
This consists of 3 easy steps: browse plugins, select "CrowdSec Threat Intelligence" plugin, paste API Key in settings
```
